Previously on Rogue...
- Where do they want these?
- Cheat's place.
Which means they want me
to fuck 'em.
What are you doing?
'Grace, it's me.
I'm at Cheat's.
Everything's fucked!'
Remember my U.C.?
I told you about her. Sarah.
- Is she dead?
- Yeah. Yeah, we think so.
And they want me
to go back undercover.
They're onto us, Ray.
They found the money, soon
they'll know everything.
- Jesus!
- Hey, Julian.
How have you been?
- What else you wanna know?
- Everything the Feds don't want us to.
Your guys paid me a visit.
- What did you tell them?
- 'Nothing.'
But they know about your operation,
that you're tracking the money.
'I've been on the phone,
I think I got what you asked for.'
You found the money?
Those marked bills are showing
up in a nexus in Vancouver, Canada.
Vancouver?
That's where Sarah is.
We find the bank and get
an address for her.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Grace, it's me, I'm at Cheat's.
Everything's fucked!
They're after me, Grace, they're
after me.
Leave me alone!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Let's get these open for you.
Welcome to Vancouver.
- Thank you.
All my friends at Vassar...
..getting married and...
..having kids.
Just so excited about becoming
the vice presidents of mediocrity.
And I just keep thinking...
Don't settle for that.
There's gotta be something more,
right?
I mean, it is a big,
big, big world.
You chose Canada.
Mm, yeah.
Do you wanna turn over?
I just want to see everything.
Don't you?
Oh!
Ohh!
Hello, Sarah.
Looking good for a dead girl.
I think I'm owed
some kind of explanation.
About what?
I dunno.
Stealing Chetowski's money...
faking your own death.
I didn't steal anybody's money.
Don't fuck me around!
I'm not in the mood.
We tracked every dollar
that you spent.
Cheat gave me that money.
He gave you $2.5 million?
No, don't be ridiculous.
It was ten grand.
He was high and...
showing off, throwing it around.
So where is it?
I spent it.
You guys missed the party.
You sure about that?
You don't believe me.
Go ask him.
We'd like to. But it's difficult,
him being dead and all.
News to me.
You're unbelievable,
you know that?
You know he's dead.
I do now.
You called me, pretending that
you were in trouble,
right before making us think you
had been murdered
and dumped in the Narrows.
Are you gonna lie
about that too?
No, I... I didn't want you
coming after me.
It's not a crime.
Look it up.
How about obstruction
of justice,
dereliction of duty,
not to mention grand theft,
Sarah.
Where is the money, Sarah?
Like I said, I spent it.
Fine.
I'll get a search warrant.
Fine. I'll get a lawyer.
So, let me get this straight.
You allege that my client stole
$2.5 million and faked her own death?
- That's correct.
- Wow.
Sounds like
an industrious woman.
I'm assuming there's an outstanding arrest
warrant in the United States
for such an audacious crime?
Well, we've just found out that
she's alive.
We came to talk to her.
Oh, okay.
Well, then, you get the warrant
over there,
then I'm sure our wonderful
Vancouver P.D.
will be more than helpful in expeditiously
issuing a warrant over here,
then my client will be more than
happy to surrender herself for questioning.
Then I can tell everybody how I
had to flee the country
to stop the FBI from forcing me
to prostitute myself.
We haven't found anything.
Well, then, my client's
free to go.
We're not letting her just walk
out of here.
It'll take a couple
of hours to get a warrant.
We put her under surveillance.
She is not going anywhere.
This is bullshit.
I went back undercover for you.
I risked my life.
I didn't ask you to come after
me.
I think that concludes
our current business.
How are you so calm?
How can you not be furious about
this?
I don't have to deal with serial killers,
rapists or bombs in the subway.
Just a selfish girl
who stole some money.
This is as pleasant
as my job gets.
She lied to us.
That's what criminals do.
Yeah, we put our lives
on hold for her.
I told you about making
this a crusade.
You set yourself up
to be disappointed.
Right, thanks for
the psychoanalysis.
You want some food?
No.
No, I'm gonna keep
an eye on her.
You have no jurisdiction here,
Grace.
Then I'll just sit and watch.
We should go to the movies.
I can't. I have a client
in half an hour.
How come you don't have to work?
The last guy I was banging
overdosed on blow.
So I stole his cash.
You're joking, right?
Excuse me.
Hey. Hey, where's she going?
Bathroom?
Hey, get over here.
Get in the fucking car.
Fuck!
It's very simple.
You give us the money
and we let you go.
What money?
Oh, that money.
Yeah, that fucking money.
You know the cops
are looking for me.
If I were you,
I'd start running.
Oh, what, the Mounties?
They still think
you're taking a shit.
Hey, Sarah.
Nobody knows you're here.
I'm the only one who knows where
the money is.
So you kill me,
you'll never find it.
I can live with that.
That's fine.
What?
The money's evidence.
If we've got it - great.
If it's lost forever, that's second best.
But what I can't have...
is someone running round
spending it, bringing the Feds down on us.
I'm wedded to the money,
but after the shit you put us through,
option number two is starting to
look a lot more attractive.
I'm a cop, you idiots.
Yeah, and I'm the starting
forward for the Warriors.
Part of an undercover investigation
looking into your friend Cheat.
And after I led the post-season in
triple-doubles,
Doris Burke blew me
in the press box.
Daniel Chetowski.
Born August 5th, 1978, Brooklyn.
Arrests for burglary, possession
of narcotics,
grand theft auto,
two terms in Afghanistan.
You want me to keep on going?
If you kill me, you can't even imagine
the shitstorm you'll bring on yourselves.
What's new?
Look.
It's very simple.
You give us the money...
and you live.
Mm.
It's no good to you anyway.
It's been pretty good to me so
far.
It's flagged. How do you
think they found you?
If that's true,
why do you want it?
Because it's mine.
Gonna stick to that?
Let me tell you something,
honey.
It sure as shit ain't yours.
Where is it?
Gonna shoot me in a hotel room?
I dunno.
Are we?
We put out an A.P.B.
That makes me feel
so much better.
And we've notified forces in
Surrey, Richmond and Langley.
Are they any better
than you guys?
They'd notice if one of
their colleagues faked their own death.
'With cutbacks, we have to
ensure all the desks are covered.'
'Even if that means doubling up?'
'I don't see
what choice we have.'
Yeah, Agent Howe.
What?
It's Elliot.
Give me a minute.
Hello, Elliot.
Jesus Christ! Sarah's alive and I have
to hear it from the fucking Canadians?
Things moved very quickly.
How am I not your first call?
I wanted to be sure
before I brought you in.
No, you wanted to be sure before
you sidelined me.
You're being paranoid.
How in the hell
is she still alive?
- 'Where is she now?'
- We're closing in on her.
You know what?
This is on you now.
So don't fucking come back
without her.
Everything okay?
Fine. Politics.
Let's go.
The bank opens at 9am.
We go first thing.
Okay.
Shotgun the bed, unless
you two want to be alone.
Let me ask you a question.
Is it this key for
the safety deposit box?
No?
What about this one?
It's this one? Good.
Look, they're not gonna
let anybody into the vault but me.
You might as well
just let me hold onto those.
Well, I don't want you running
off in the night.
Hadn't crossed my mind.
So how's business?
You guys are, what, mall cops?
Where's that little guy?
Oh, sorry. Littler guy.
So you fucked Cheat, right?
What is that, part of your job?
They teach you that
at police academy?
Sarah, why were they
investigating?
Because the Mayor wanted to give
him a key to the city.
You know, I can't imagine they'd
send you in there to do...
..what do you call it,
your job...
if it wasn't
something important.
I can call the F.B.I.
and we can ask them.
This was a Federal
Investigation?
Looking a little pale there,
precious.
Why would the Feds
give a shit about Cheat? I don't buy it.
Well, you really strike me
as an expert legal mind.
I'm smart enough to catch you.
I suspect you're not the brains
behind this operation.
You don't wanna know what I
fucking do for the operation.
Why were the Feds
interested in Cheat?
Because he was identified as
patient zero in a syphilis outbreak.
Right.
You know what?
Why don't you just go on ahead
and fucking tell me?
Aaargh! Aargh!
Fucking bitch!
Ray, calm down, calm down.
I'm gonna fucking kill her.
Come on, Ray, she barely
punctured the skin.
Spud was right, though.
The Feds are onto us.
I'm serious, Ethan.
She's not walking out
of here after that.
I'm not cleaning up your fucking
messes any more.
My fucking mess?
That bitch stole from us.
Are you forgetting how we got it
in the first place?
I remember how we got it.
You messed that one up.
The last thing we need, Ray,
is another dead body
on our hands.
You wanna start anew with Donna
and the kids, do you?
Or do you wanna kill a woman
that stabbed you with a butter knife?
Look.
We get the money.
Then we get the hell
out of San Francisco.
Do you want a coffee?
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah?
Is Evie back yet?
I haven't heard from her.
You got to call her for me.
Just to see if she's okay.
'Cause she's not answering any
of my calls.
I'm sure she's fine, Grace.
She just needs a little time to
forgive you.
You know this is your fault.
You and Evie were fighting a
long time before I turned up.
You lied to her about me.
You have your version,
I have mine.
Fine.
Have your version.
Grace?
What?
What is there left to say?
There you go.
Grace?
Yeah.
Thank you.
I didn't tell Elliot
that we found Sarah.
I get the feeling you don't tell
him a lot of things.
Yeah.
What's the deal with you two,
anyway?
Nothing you haven't
already worked out.
Well, at least you got something
out of this assignment.
I'm not so sure it was worth it.
He's probably packing my desk
into boxes right now.
Well, my daughter's
just moved in with my ex
and his pregnant new girlfriend.
You win.
Yeah.
I deserve a medal.
As much as I want to blame Sarah
for making me go back undercover and...
..taking me away
from my family...
..the truth is,
I was happy to be back.
'Cause I missed it.
I missed being someone else.
After you.
Sorry, sir. Key holders only
beyond this point.
Hurry on back now, sweetie.
It's short, about 20 grand.
Well, a girl's gotta eat.
Get out. Walk away.
And don't look back, Sarah.
That's what I was thinking.
You think this is the first time
I've had a gun in my face?
You want it to be the last?
- Give me your gun.
- I don't have it.
Give me your fucking gun now.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the fucking car now!
Ethan, you stay.
Alright, get over here now,
where I can see you.
Move!
Get the fuck over here, faster!
Okay, Ethan, get out of the car,
leave the keys in the ignition.
Move! Move! Move!
You spend it and they'll
find you again, Sarah.
Then I'll launder it.
You know, you're getting pretty
good at this criminal stuff.
Agh!
Argh!
Okay, Ray.
Ray! Ray, let her go!
Ray, goddamn it!
Let her go!
Shit!
Yeah, Travis.
Grace, they're after me,
you gotta help me.
Yeah, very fucking funny, Sarah.
I'm at 8277 Manitoba Street.
They're here, they're armed.
Who? Who's here?
Cheat's friends, 8277...
- We've got to get a car
to 8277 Manitoba Street. - Got it.
Kelly and Williams are in town.
Agh!
Fuck!
- Take it easy.
- Ray's inside.
Watch your head.
Kelly's in the car. Go!
- Alright.
- Yes, sir.
Yeah, here.
Where in the hell
is Kelly and Williams?
Make sure that thing
is nailed to the floor.
Well, you have been
very popular lately.
- Not by design.
- Oh, yeah?
Did Ray and Ethan come looking
for their money?
I told them what I told you. I
don't know where it is.
You lying ungrateful sack of...
Travis.
You're gonna tell me exactly
what happened that night.
It's like I told them.
It's really not that exciting.
Cheat gave me ten grand,
I went on a little vacation.
- Well earned. - She's been sticking to
that story the whole way.
Apparently saving her life hasn't made
her any less of a pain in the ass.
Alright, let's leave this.
Leni, I want to talk.
I've been thinking about this
because of our history together.
And what history is that?
I'm gonna let you resign quietly.
That's the last time you undermine me.
- You hear me?
- I wouldn't count on that.
Clear your desk and get
the fuck out of here.
It's good to see you,
Deputy Director.
Agent Howe.
Sir.
I thought I'd come down and congratulate
you on finding your dead operative.
Thank you.
I heard you also almost recovered
some of that stolen money as well.
- Yeah, well, I'm...
- So close.
I'm just er...
I was just getting up to speed. I was going
to call your office in the morning.
Well, I saved you the call.
I voiced my reservations about
retaining Kastner from the start.
She's been deliberately
acting without my authority.
Wait a minute, I'm confused.
From what I understand, Agent Kastner
discovered your operative was alive
and brought her back
from Canada.
Which part of that
don't you approve of?
Better yet,
what have you approved of?
What?
What exactly are the taxpayers getting
for their money?
They might've been
getting a lot more
had you been straight with me
from the start.
I see. I see.
Kastner?
Would you have problem running a
taskforce
if you weren't privy
to all the information?
No, sir.
Well, then, I'd like you
to take over the taskforce.
Elliot, you've been reassigned,
effective immediately.
- You can't...
- I can't what?
It's your show. Impress me.
Good day, Elliot.
This isn't about making arrests.
Why don't you tell me
what it is you want,
and let me deliver it for you?
US Government sent money
to Afghanistan for reconstruction.
Ethan Kelly and his buddies have
some of that money.
What I want to know is,
did they steal it?
And if not, how did they get it?
So why the secrecy?
It's politically sensitive.
A lot of pensions
are riding on this.
So it's critical that the findings of this
taskforce are never made public.
You understand?
You can trust me, sir.
Oh, if Travis gets
out of hand...
you bring down the hammer.
Yes, sir.
You know, you shouldn't take it
so personally, Grace.
Not everything is about you.
Fuck you.
You never thought for a moment
about the chaos you would cause?
You never thought that maybe
people actually give a shit about you?
You never made a decision
in the moment that you regretted?
Yeah.
Coming after you.
Officer Fannelli, we're arresting you
for the murder of Daniel Chetowski.
What the fuck are you
talking about?
You knew cheat
was a drug addict.
So?
So during the course
of your investigation,
he told you about his money, and
you killed him for it.
By what? By shoving coke
up his nose?
Laced with fentanyl.
You poisoned Cheat,
on the same day you faked your
own death and fled the country.
Motive, opportunity.
That's not true
and you know that.
Officer Fannelli...
..we have no idea
what is true and what isn't.
So why don't you tell us?
And before you open
that mouth of yours,
if I get even the slightest
sniff that you're lying to me,
then I will have you charged
with murder one before the night's out.
That means no bail.
No parole.
You just...
disappear.
What are you doing?
Earring.
My God.
What did you do?
What did you...
I was never gonna
take that money.
But when he started to die, he
was inside of me.
All I could think of was that you fucking
people put me there! You used me.
'My life was a mess and I had
nothing to go back to.'
So I took a chance
to start again.
But what, you never wanted that?
You never wanted that?
Just a chance to let it all go
and start over again?
I'm sorry that I dragged you
through this.
That's not what I wanted to do.
I thought that...
..you would just figure
I was dead and let it go,
move on.
Did Chetowski tell you
where he got the money?
No.
But Ray and Ethan...
..were ready to kill me to stop
it from coming back on them.
Is that it?
Not even close.
Charge her with obstruction.
I'll be in touch.
Sir.
You okay?
Yeah. Where's Elliot?
He's been reassigned.
What, so... congratulations?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Look, we still don't know why Ethan Kelly
was giving money to those families.
We're not done here.
I guess you got everything you
wanted.
I guess so.
I thought we had a chance this
time.
Really, Elliot?
You hired me in case
you needed a scapegoat.
I thought I could turn
it into a win.
For us both.
That's not what I'm mad about.
That's just the job.
But sleeping with me while you
were doing it?
You know what's sad?
I thought we had a chance too.
Have a safe trip back
to Washington.
Is Evie home?
When did she leave?
I didn't want to tell you over
the phone.
She at Tom's?
She'll be back.
Grace, I'm sorry.
For what?
I was the one supposed
to be looking after you.
All I ever did was
think about myself.
She took all her stuff.
It's okay.
I'm a terrible mother.
No.
You didn't have
a very good example.
It's okay.
It's okay, honey.
Ssh.
How could you fucking
leave me like that?
I told you not to go after her.
You almost got us caught, Ray.
What are you doing?
We can't risk crossing
the border with this.
That's $2.5 million. You're
gonna burn $2.5 million?
Our prints are all over it.
We kidnapped a cop.
We need to get back to the
States safely, understand?
Then why the hell
did we come here?
To stop the Feds
from getting it.
Mission fucking accomplished.
I'm not gonna let you
do that, Ethan.
You know what? If you didn't go
after Sarah, we'd be fine.
The cops have seen
our fucking faces!
Now I'm stuck cleaning up your
goddamn mess again.
What the fuck is that supposed
to mean?
That means you don't
have a say anymore.
I'm done listening.
Well, good luck, Ray.
I'm sure you'll do just fine on
your own.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org